The PR contains Bug fixes, documentation updates and mlflow version updates (#22)
microsoft/mlops-model-factory-accelerator: docs/how_to_setup.md

> **Step 2.** Create a new variable group mlops_platform_dev_vg and add "service_connection" variable with the same name used in step 1. Update the model_config.json file in config folder for each model in model factory .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2.** Create a new variable group mlops_platform_dev_vg and add a variable called "AZURE_RM_SVC_CONNECTION". Set the value of this variable to the name used for the service connection in step 1. 

Update the model_config.json file in config folder for each model in model factory .
```

Author: adding this in new PR
